FAQ document (#9)
LEGO/aws-credentials-cli-rs: FAQ.md

# Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ)

This section contains answers to the most frequently asked questions and common errors. If you believe something is missing, please feel free to create a new issue or submit a pull request with your suggestions.

## What ROLE should I use in the configuration?

When using the command `aws-credentials-cli assume [OPTIONS] --account <ACCOUNT> --role <ROLE>`, the `<ROLE>` should be the IAM Role on the AWS account. You can find this by logging into the account, navigating to IAM -> Roles, and searching for SSO. The role name you see there is the one you want to assume.

## Common Errors
### The provided token has expired

This error can occur if you have a `~/.aws/credentials` file with a default profile, as the `default` profile always takes precedence over specific profiles. This can also occur if you have the aws profile that you are trying use in the `~/.aws/credentials`.

### Error when retrieving credentials from custom-process: Application error: service error

> This error can occur when the application has not been set up for token exchange. Follow the steps in the [TokenExchange documentation](https://github.com/LEGO/IAM-CommonTools-OIDC2SAML-TokenExchange/tree/main/Examples). This setup must be done for each account you need access to.
> 
> If this is set up, then you need to ensure that the ROLE you are trying to use is correct. It's important that it's the SSO role on the AWS account, and not the role you are using in the terminal. See [What ROLE should I use in the configuration?](#what-role-should-i-use-in-the-configuration)

Reviewer: I thought of one more scenario when this error can be show. Suggested text:

```suggestion
This error can occur in the following scenarios:

- The token exchange service is down
-  When the Azure application has not been set up for token exchange. Follow the steps in the [TokenExchange documentation](https://github.com/LEGO/IAM-CommonTools-OIDC2SAML-TokenExchange/tree/main/Examples). This setup must be done for each account you need access to.
- You referred to the wrong role in the `--role` option. Check that the role exists on your AWS account. Look for roles starting with `SSO-` as described in [What ROLE should I use in the configuration?](#what-role-should-i-use-in-the-configuration). Don't confuse the role with the AWS profile name you may have set in the shell.
```

-
